we can actually put just the shells of
the gumbo crabs in because they're going
to add more fish flavor to the stew to
the soup so in Lego they're beautiful
color aren't they they go in now they
will be left in the plate just as a kind
of a signature you wouldn't actually eat
that that's just for flavoring it then
we've got the Magnificent shrimps okay
all pawns as we call them lovely fat
plump your stress corns corns and sorry
moist is taken up with their juice in
they go
that's your stirs the wonderful crab
meat from the occasion crabs okay
because you know the Americans don't
like particularly to eat shells and
bones and stuff like that so all this
stuff is taken out of the shell then
finally we have our crawfish or crayfish
and in that goes and this is a fee for a
half hold that mode well I get the spoon
stir that in now we have now we're
cooking on gas as they say but what was
it those of you who are paying attention
at the beginning of this cooking sketch
have realized I haven't talked about it
is the crawfish boudin now this is so
stylish this is a real skin and inside
is minced up crawfish spices and bread
and stuff like that
and it's really classically French
modern cooking but here it is right in
Louisiana so to make this dish
absolutely such us and really a rock and
roll dish in they go they simmer and
poach in there for about another the
whole lot about another 10 minutes the
lid goes on the lid goes on and the beat
goes on and the next time you see that
we'll be eating it okay right we take
the top off and the top down on the
final floor and I give you something you
want to have this with Riesling with
Reince is the traditional way okay with
rice was a traditional way for one
reason it was a traditional way in rice
was a filler now you know one of the
things is is with with all the shrimp or
the prawns and the crawfish and
everything else it's hard to imagine
than anything like this could not taste
good right
so for yourself sir you see he couldn't
bring himself to sale it was absolutely
brilliant he was Wittering on so much
about the American War of Independence
and suffer that he didn't realize that
my thing was rich and delicious and
wonderful he doesn't know that he's free
to be edited out and this is this is bid
this is a biggie you know this is a big
Here I am the Queen I am here we go
again the queen is watching the New
Orleans he gets all this muddled as well
he's talking about in your leans not
America okay that's about America we
lost the war but they're watching
America because we're not part of
America you know and who cares about
Andrew Jackson and packing him be
forgotten those little things come on
out with it
this is good
you